Hello. Who is it? Hey, hi. How are you? Okay, come on up.
My name is Enrique Torres Jr. I live in Staten Island, New York, and I have the privilege
to serve in the Mid-Anon congregation. First 40 years of my life were martyred in a lifestyle
that was horrendous. A judge stated that I had a propensity for criminality. Well, no
doubt he was describing a vicious person. I said, you, I was hanging around with the
wrong kind of people that led me into a life of crime and debauchery. This captain in
our prison came up with a psychological plan to take the individuals that had the potential
for leadership and put him in isolation. I wind up a via a mountain. Can you imagine they
were getting beat up? It was becoming too much for me, the screams and so forth. I said,
this continuum, I'm not going to survive here. I did get in contact with my father and
he told me, never forget your hope. That was his name. And that's all I got out of it.
I knew that there was nobody that could help me but God. So that's when I found myself
in prayer to Jehovah. I vowed that I would make it my business to learn more about him
than just his name. At that time, that's all I knew. I got some literature. I got the
Bible too. Jehovah became all meaningful to me. That's when he became real to me. That
was the first 40 years of my life. But the last 40 years of my life with Jehovah's
training from his organization, my personality, it was transformed. The blessings that I have
received has been in the area of my field service and also my teaching ability, which has
helped me to be able to draw closer to Jehovah. I was privileged to become a ministerial
servant for many years, field service overseer for many more years. One of the main challenges
that I'm facing is that I have developed cancer and have gone through four cancer operations
and also some chemotherapy. Without relying upon Jehovah to help me to overcome these challenges,
there's no doubt in my mind that I never would have been able to make it. I would recommend
to avoid that trap that I fell into hanging around with street gangs and then getting
involved in burglaries, robberies, with some progression. It was not all anything of
value at all. Instead, what it brought me was a lot of grief, mental scars and also a lot
of trouble for my conscience. Study God's Word, the Bible, so that you may be able to see
what Jehovah has in store for the future and also you'll be able to see that he's a
kind, merciful, loving God that doesn't want no one to be destroyed but wants them to
have life. Parents, never give up on your children. Jehovah, I never gave up on me. And
he rescued me from the spiritual darkness that I was in and he brought me into his light and
to his wonderful organization and I give him all the credit for that and when I speak to people,
that's what I tell him. It was a means, Jehovah that's done all of this and it could do
that for you too if you give him an opportunity.